website/docs: update user credentials tab docs (#22143)
goauthentik/authentik: website/docs/users-sources/user/user-interface.mdx

For more information refer to our documentation on the [Consent stage](../../add-secure-apps/flows-stages/stages/consent/index.md).

### Credentials

> The **Credentials** tab combines the user's MFA devices, tokens, and app passwords into one place.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Credentials** tab is where you can add and configure a new MFA device for accessing authentik, create access tokens and App passwords.
```

#### MFA Devices

This is where users can add and configure MFA devices for accessing authentik. The three default options for MFA are:

- **Static tokens**: authentik generates 6 single-use tokens.

> - **TOTP device**: using your preferred authenticator, scan the QR code, enter the code from the authenticator into the authentik prompt, and then click **Continue**. For authenticators that do not support QR scanning, you can copy the secret and paste it into your authenticator.

Reviewer: Pshew, thank you!
